#MoonShip MOONSHIP is a community-driven project. The Moonship is aiming to bring a its community to expanding horizons. The MoonShip will  allow everyone to engage in the ecosystem upon arrival to the MoonShip HUB terminal. (H.U.B.) or Help Us Build terminal is your landing stage to begin your interaction withthe Moonship. The socially intrinsic value is derived from every passenger upon the MoonShip. The project will have a denounced leadership, Whale prevention and Whale detection, A Defi blockchain, Native token, Yield token, & Legacy token. The smart contract, NFT and cloud storage technologies will be deployed along with custommizable wallet allowing for endless token, NFT and digital asset storage. Native Dapps will make the user interface a uniqe experience to every passenger. Using web3.0 and Dapp code sourcing we can build scalability upon the MoonShip to include a HUB for; swaps, minting, geomining, social networking, real world exchange, asset management, royalties/ dividends, contract disbursement and exicution and can even include a developer and moderator all acess panel. Using elements such as DexGuru we can fuse manyof the open code utilities already in mass adoption. Governance will be based upon legacy and contributions. All Native tokens (PMG Token) will be in circulation before ICO. The Roadmap and White paper will be added to this repository andmade public as soon as agreed to by all governing parties. Backed by a bootstrapped community, through several partnerships, using proven platform developments, we intend create an ecosystem around the Project MoonGold MoonShip on a never ending quest to seek out and explore new wealth and new Crypto-Prosperity. The MoonShip will be an autonomous vessel with Governanceguidedmaster HUB bridges. The MoonShip upon launch will have an initioal tagret {COMPUTERLAGCAUSINGTYPOSSETDEVICE TO  RESETANDCLRSH,TNRESUMEUPDATE}  ourp opportunities of prosperity intheendlessbounds oftheCrypto-Verse. Building generational wealth and intrinsic value within the Crypto-Verse and together as a community. As Captian MoonGold himself will say, PMG FAM, LET'S GO! Let’s have fun, let’s shake the crypto-verse! So it's OK to be obsessed with crypto, so be part of this journey to the moon… Board the MOONSHIP today and if you play your cards right, you might get to meet the MoonPirate and grab some of his booty...
